E1
### Part1
This is Anna, on a bus going to an interview for a job as a sales executive at TTT - one of London’s fastest growing companies. How are you feeling Anna?
a little nervous but I really want this job.
Well don’t worry , as long as you say the right things, you’ll be fine.
Right..what?
You need to sell yourself, be confident, not arrogant and give examples. Like: 
Perhaps you can come with me?
Sorry Anna, you’re on your own now — but we’ll be listening in. Look! You’ve just arrived. Good luck!


### Part2
Come in. I’m Paul, the Manager of TTT, you must be…? It’s Anna.
Thanks for coming. Now somewhere in this pile, I've got your CV.
is that it there?

### Part3
Your qualification look impressive but I was wondering what sales experience can you bring to our company?
I worked in a shop once.
Sell yourself. Give a good example!
A good example that comes to mind is when I was involved with a campaign to promote and sell a new range of clothes. I loved doing it and it was…

### Part4
It looks like you’ve achieved a lot during your time at university. Could you give me an example of good team working during your time there?
so you want an example? I was the treasurer of the debating society at university. That was OK I suppose.
Come on Anna. Be more enthusiastic — the debating society is exciting!
I’m particularly proud of how I organized the finances for the debating society. We had a very small budget and I had to make decisions on what to buy.
I like it! I’m particularly proud of — Positive but not boasting. You’re doing well.
Very impressive — so you’re a good planner Anna! We like organized people here.…carry on please…

### Part5
Timekeeping is important to me. 
I always try to complete my work on time. At university I never handed my assignments in late. 
That’s good to hear. We like punctuality here….

### Part6
Finally I wanted to ask you / what exactly made you apply for this job / at this company?
The reason I applied is…
Do you need a bit more time to think?
What’s she going to say? 
How would you answer that? Join us next time to find out. Before we go, here’s a reminder of some of the great lines Anna’s used today.