The brainstorm. Language for disagreeing

### Part1
The team at TTT are hard at work, making plans for the lanuch and presentation of their latest product: the revolutionary, almost real Imperial Lemon.
They are 'brainstorming', sharing ideas on how to make their lemon a success.

But it needs to be bright! / This is much more exciting. / But having three colours would work better.
There is a lot of disagreement going on, which is putting Anna's vocabulary to the test!
Right, I'm taking the final decision: the color shceme will be green and yellow, so that's that.

### Part2
Now, the first presentation will be to ML.
ML and his team CV. Ideas please!
Why don't we offer CV a special opening offer: 20% off IL orders made this month.
We could even do that for all our regular clients.
That would be a big risk.
If we do that once, all our clients will start asking for 20% off everything.
We'll be bankrupt.

### Part3
Anna, maybe you should find a better way of saying you disagree with Denise.
I'm so frustrated! I can't think of the right words.
It helps if you try phrases like: 
And don't be aggressive Anna - and give your reasons too, or you'll upset Denise again!

### Part4
Well, I'm not so sure about that. I think it will improve our sales of lemons and make our clients happy.
Happy clients will come back to buy more.
Yes, that's a good point Anna.
But 20% is a lot - maybe 5% would be better.
But if we're going to make a special offer, we should make it so good that everyone will say yes!
But people might think there's sth wrong with our lemons and that we're desperate to get rid of them.
I see your point, but if we explain this is just a special offer for special clients, they'll understand.
I like that idea, Good; 20% off for all regular clients just for this month.
Anna, you'll be making the presentation to CV, so make sure you inculde that offer.
Right, next, what photos do we have of the lemons?

### Part5
Finding the right words to disagree in meeting isn't always easy, but Anna managed in the end.
She started sentences with this short word to show that she was about to disagree with what had just been said:
The next big challenge for Anna will be her presentation to CV. Join us again soon to find out what happens!
I've got to do a good job but it's going to take me ages.
Well, I had better get started otherwise I'm going to be here all night!