### Part1
Hello, we're back at TTT. Anna is very busy dealing with ML's big order for IL.
Anna, could I have a word?
He must to tell me how pleased he is with the CV deal.

I'm a little bit concerned about sth. 
"..." Doesn't that mean sth bad?
Yes, Anna, Paul is using a polite turn of phrase to say he is unhappy about sth. Let's see what he's got to say...
I think you need to work on your telephone manner.
It means the way you talk on the phone is not good enough and you have to improve it - to work on it to make it better.
Perhaps you should think about...that's a polite way of telling you to do sth.
Perhaps you should think about being a bit more polite to clients; it's important for the image of the company.

### Part2
Anna? Is everything all right?
Paul says I need to work on my telephone manner.
Well I was a bit concerned about it myself. And I think Tom actually mentioned it to Paul.
But, look, I'll help you if you like. I'm a bit of an expert on the phone. I'll give you some lessons.
Come in early tomorrow morning, before the others get here and we'll practise.
Thank you Dxx, that's very kind.

### Part3
Wow! Dxx is actually being nice to Anna.
Although from what I've heard of Dxx on the phone, she's only over gossiping with friends. 
Paul was very gentle and polite in the way he explained to Anna / there was a problem and that she needed to imporve sth.
He used these phrases:
I'm a little bit concerned about...
You need work on...
Perhaps you should think about...
Let's see if Dxx manages to tech Anna anything useful next time.