### Part1
Hello. Here we are in the middle if a telephone training session with D and A. What fun!

Stop! That's all wrong. I'm going to call you again. 
This time, you don't say 'yes' when you answer, it's rude. 
Call me and I'll show you how it's done.

Hello? TTT. Anna speaking.
Sorry, I'm so stressed by all this.
You sound like you're sitting on a pineapple. Listen to my voice:

Good. Now, when the person has introduced themself - this is Mrs Smith or whatever, say: Hello Mrs Smith, how can I help you?
Or, if you know them already, you might say: Hello Mrs Smith, how are you?

What if Mrs Smirh wants to speak to Tom but he's not there?
You say: "I'm really sorry, he's not available at the moment. Can I take a message?"
Or. "I'm afraid he's busy, shall I ask him to call you back?"

And, to end a conversation, you can say: "Thank you for calling, goodbye." Let's do another practice!

### Part2
How did you call me without dialling?
I didn't, that's a real call!
I'm all nervous now. Hello, TTT...
ML from CV. How...?
I just wanted to say again that your IL is fantastic..and I was wondering if you'd like to do lunch with me sometime?
I knew it! ML is interested in more than just your lemons!
Would you like to discuss the IL?
Forget the lemons Anna! The reason I want to see you is more of a personal nature.
Personnel?..Can I call you back? I'm afraid I'm a bit busy at the moment..

### Part3
Oh dear D. I think I need a bit more help from you..
Are your sure? I think he means a personal nature, not personnel! That ML.
Anna had an excellent phone manner. Let's hear those phrases again:

Hello, TTT, Anna speaking.
Hello Mrs Smith, how can I help you? / how are you?
I'd like to speak to Tom please.
I'm really sorry, he's not available at the moment. Can I take a message?
I'm afraid he's busy - shall I ask him to call you back?
Thank you for calling, goodbye.

But how is Anna going to handle ML's request? I can't wait till next time!