Lemon-sized luxury boxes. How to place an order

### Part1
Anna, are you going to answer that?
It's stopped now anyway. 
... where Anna is behaving strangely.
I gave you a long lesson on how to answer the phone and you're still too scared!
It's not that. I recognise the number - It's ML.
Ha! Old Slimy Limy, he must be absolutely desperate to get you to have lunch with him, even after you cruel rejection.
Here, I'll answer for you.
...Can I take a message..I'll pass that on to her then..
Nothing about lunch. He wants each IL you deliver to come in a luxury green box - like the one you had at the prexx.
My goodness, we don't have many in stock, I'll have to order some.

### Part2
Hello, this is Anna speaking from TTT. I want some IL-sized luxury boxes.
Let's make this order a bit more politely okay?
Why are the English so obsessed with being polite?
Calm down Anna and listen to me.
To put in an order for sth. you need phrases like:
I'd like to place an order for some IL-sized luxury boxes.
We're going to need quite a few...
Could you send 300 please...
Could we also have the name of our company on the sides please..
When can we expect to receive them?
There! How was that?

### Part3
You'd better phone back ML to confirm he can have his boxes!
I'm scared he'll try and ask about lunch again.
Then send him an email.
Copy in me, Tom and Paul, so it's clear you only mean business.
An email is much safer.
Let's see if Anna's email is really such a good idea.
I have a bad feeling about it.