# tense
Things are quick tense at TTT today.

# mistakenly
Paul mistakenly thinks Anna's been smoking on company premises 
and she's trying to explain herself.

# frankly / disappointed
Frankly, I'm disappointed with you.
You are a hard worker but it doesn't mean you can go against company policy.

# misunderstanding
I think there's been a misunderstanding. 

# someone else
I went down to the warehouse to speak to Mr Ingle, someone else was smoking

# deal with
I dealt with it and it won't happen again.

# keep secret
Can you keep your secret about Mr Ingle safe?

# review / procedures
I really think it's time we had a review of our health and safety procedures.

# gather
Could you all gather in the meeting room please, Paul has sth important to say.

# doubt
I doubt it.

# remind 
I thought I would remind you of our health and safety precedures.

# not this again

# responsibility
Your safety is our responsibility. But to keep safe we must follow some simple rules.

# raise alarm / fire service
If you see a fire, raise the alarm - and call the fire service

# Not exactly

I think we should 
1> walk calmly to our nearest fire exit, 
2> following the green signs
3> go outside and meet at the fire assembly point

# register
I wil take a register of who is here, using my red pen

# slurping
Do you mind not slurping? This is thirsty work.

# clear
Is everyone clear about what to do if there is a fire alarm.

# a false xxx
It's usually a false alarm anyway.

# No smoking on company premises.

# Back to work everyone.

# let the cat out of the bag
Anna's let the cat out of the bag.

# please
But Mr Ingle won't be pleased

# at least
but at least she knows what do if a fire breaks out

# emergency
Here are some of the phrases we've heard today, that can be used in an emergency.

# fire alarm
Sorry to interrupt Paul but the fire alarm's going off

# panic
Don't panic everyone. Everything will be OK. / a bit of painc

# sooner
Those emergency phrases might come in useful sooner than you think.





