The crisis Making suggestions

### Part 1
Here we are again at TTT, where Anna's interview for a sales has been suddenly interrupted.Office assistant Denise has entered the room, looking very worried. What's wrong? And will has any suggestions that might help?
I don't what to do. What's the matter. You konw the PowerPoint presentation? 
The one we've been preparing for the last two months? The one that's very important and that we need this afternoon? We've lost everything.
I had it on a USB stick to transfer it but the stick has vanished!
But don't you have it saved on your computer? No, it was taking up a lot of space, so I deleted it. So you have lost the only copy we have.
 
### Part 2
I've never seen such a disorganised office. Go on, you'd better..
Now is your chance to help them find solutions to the problem. You'll need phrases like:..

Can I make a suggestion? Yes, please do. 
Why don't you try looking in your recycle bin? It might still be there. I did.It isn't.

Have you tried asking your colleagues if they've seen the memory stick? I did. They haven't. 
How about looking through your rubbish bin to see if you threw it away by mistake? I don't do silly things like that.
All very sensible suggestions Anna.
Maybe I could do a big office search for you? I'm good at finding things. 
There are confidential documents in this office, non-staff are not allowed to see them.

I have an idea. Did you ever email the presentation to anyone? 
You emailed it to me to proof-read. It'll be in my inbox somewhere. Good thinking Anna. 
I was just about to make that suggestion myself.
Problem solved.

### Part 3
Now please leave us Denise. Anna and I will continue our interview.
What's that? the USB stick! It was mixed in with the biscuits that Denise brought in. It's wet.
My goodness it's 11 o'clock! I have a meeting right now! 
I'm afraid I'm going to go. But I've made my mind up about you anyway.I suppose you'd like to know if you've got the job?
Stop right there! I'm sure everybody would like to know if Anna's got the job but everyone's going to have to wait until we've heard her helpful phrases once again.
Anna, we need someone who can think on her feet and who is first-rate people person. Someone who sees solutions, not problems..someone like you! So if you want the job, it's yours!
now think carefully Anna -- do you really want to work for these people? They seem a bit...disorganised.
I would definitely like the job!
Join us again next week for Anna's first day as a sales executive at TTT.

