The Queen if Sheba. Polite requests.

### Part1
Welcome back to English at work. We're still in Anna's first week in the busy office of TTT. How's it going Anna?
Everything's still so new to me. I keep needing to ask people for help!. Well that's only natural at the beginning. To ask people politely for help use words would and could. You can also use the word please, but don't make the mistake of thinking that's enough to make what you say polite.

### Part2
Hello Anna, I was wondering if you could do sth for me?
Would you be able to print out a file for me?...they're one of our suppliers.
The file should be on the system and could I have it in next ten minutes please, as they're on their way here for a meeting? 
Yes, oh no, I have no idea how to find it!

### Part3
I'd warned her, you know, I said, if you don't change your hairdresser...One day you'll
..hold on a moment..
Please email me the background file of CBL.
Who does that girl think she is? Anna, new girl, I told you about her..
She's only been here five minutes and she's already acting like the Queen of Sheba.
please send it to me within five minutes, Paul needs it soon

### Part4
Anna, I think you upset Denise. You were a bit rude when you asked her for help. Was I?
Remember what I said Anna. Just using please to ask someone to do sth can sound a little rude.
Instead of saying '...' you could say 'Could you possibly send me the file / Would you mind sending me the file?'
English is so confusing. I'll try to remember that.

### Part5
oh no, the printer isn't even set up.
Could you possibly help me with the printer?
I really need to finish this email. It's to a really important new client.
But it's really urgent. Would you mind writing your email later?
since ask so nicely. Let's have a look...

### Part6
It's a good thing Anna understood how to use 'could' and 'would' to ask for things, before she upsets anyone else. Let's hear those phrases again:
The printer seems to be working well, but how well are Anna and Denise working together? Are these two going to be enemies?
xx do this.xx do that.I've almost had enough!I get treated like some kind of servant!
