Double-booked. Offering to help.

###Part1
Look forward to hearing from you soon. Kind regards, Anna.
I don't think I've ever seen a vegxx quite that size before..hole-punch? business as usual in the office of TTT. 
oh for goodness sake! what a disaster! I can't believe it! But one member of the team seems bothered.
Anna, this is the moment to show you're willing to help.

###Part2
Are you okay Tom? No.
I there anything I can do? No.
What's wrong? Everything.
Can I give you a hand?
My computer has crashed. I've lost my phone. And there's a big, big problem with my timetable.
I've got two meetings scheduled at the same time with two extremely important clients. I can't do them both at once!
Let me help. Thanks Anna, but these are big, big clients, They need someone of experience.
Give me a shout if you need anything.
I can handle this. You used all the right phrases Anna, well done. Anyway, I bet he'll change his mind. 

###Part3
Anna? Could you help me? I told you so. They've both arrived at once. I'll deal with xx. 
You talk to xx. he's from company called CV. they own hundreds of juice bars.
Are you sure that's a good idea Tom?
I don't have much choice, do I? Well I could..
Just keep him occupid. tell him how great he is..tell him how great I am. 
Find out what he wants, if it's about the -- never mind, just be nice.--understood.

###Part4
Mr..Are you well? Yes, but I'm actually rather angry too.
Let me introduce you to Anna!

ML, It's pleasure to meet you! Let me help with your coat.
Can I give you a hand with your scarf too?
please come this way and you can tell me what's wrong.

Well done! Anna used some good phrases to step in and help with this mess. But ML is obviously upset about sth. 
how will Annd deal with the problem? Let's hope it doesn't end in disaster!