### Part1
Welcome back to TTT - the UK's leading wholesaler of imitation fruit.
Today you're join us in the middle of the action! 
Anna is with an important client, ML, from CV. 
He's angry and she'll have to calm him down.
She could cope brilliantly here or this could be a horrible mess!

### Part2
Well ML, How can I help you?
On Monday.I was meant to receive 8000 plastic grapefruit from TTT. The delivery was made on Tuesday. 
Instead of. xx I got 800000 plastic pineapples!
This is serious. You're going to have to apologise and show that you really mean it.
I'm really sorry to hear that.
What on earth an I going to do with xx.
Show ML that you understand the problem. These are phrases you can use...then promise to fix the problem.

### Part3
That's totally unacceptable.
I didn't even have anywhere to put them - and xx are so much bigger than xx.
It must have been very inconvenient for you.
It certainly was. When he took my order, your colleague Tom told me that TTT was the most reliable firm in the industry!
You have my word that we will sort this out. We'll remove xx and have your xx sent via express delivery this afternoon.
And we could include some of our latest-edition imitation oranges to make up for the inconvenience.
that's good customer service. do you have any other artificial fruits in this range?

it's a bit of secret, but you're a trusted client, so I think I can tell you...Go on...
We're about to unveil a new Imperial Lemon. I can't tell you anymore for now.
Maybe we could present it to you more formally in a couple of weeks, when it's ready for release.
You will be the first to see it.
It's spelled the same forwards and backwards.
Anyway, ML, we'll fix this xx problem for you, and I promise you, it won't happen again.
Good, you're new here, aren't you Anna?
I look forward to working with you.
What a success! Mr has come away a very happy customer. Here are the phrases Anna used while apologising: