### Part1
Welcome..TTT, where things are a teeny bit tense today.
Paul has called Tom and Anna into room 301, the place where difficult conversation happen.
Perhaps Paul has found out about yesterday's unhappy clients.
You should be okay Anna. After the way you coped with ML, you should be praised.
Really? What do you think Paul will say?
Well, if he is pleased, he'll say things like:
Well done / You handled it well / Great job / I'm really impressed.
And if he's not? Well, I suppose.

### Part2
Yesterday was not a great day. Two clients came in with serious complaints.
Mrs K received a delivery of imitation bananas that were purple, not very convincing.
Mr L ordered xx, but got xxx.
Tom, were you respnosible for these errors?
Look, mistakes happen. But it seems that Mrs K left our officies / even angrier than when she came in / and she says she will never use TTT again.
I tried my best. she'd been very rude to me.
If you weren't such a good salesman I would fire you for that.

### Part3
Anna. Well done. Not only was ML satisfied that his business would be resolved, but we might even get some extra business from him.
Thanks to your Imperial Lemon proposal. 
You were in a difficult situation and you handled it well. You remanined calm, friendly and professional. So, great job. I'm really impressed.

### Part4
It's call from the USA.
The big boss, based in America.
where was I? I'm disappointed.
I want you to take charge of the IL presentation.
Tom, if you speak to a client like that again there will be disciplinary action. Mrs K was so angry she even emailed Mr S.
What a relief for Anna. Let's listen again to some of the phrases Paul used to praise her: 
He also explained why he thought Anna had done a good job:
Excellent work Anna. But Tom's mistake have given everyone a lot of work to do tomorrow.
First thing tomorrow we need to sort this mess out.
Tom, I want you to phone every single client and check the orders.
Anna, you can go to the warehouse and find out what's going on in there!



