The warehouse. Checking information

### Part1
Welcome back! This is what's happening today: as a result some of embarrassing mistake in deliveries, 
TTT's big boss in American has ordered a re-cehck of every order this month. 
So, Paul is talking to key customers to see if they're got what they needed:
I just want to check you're happy with the grapes?
Tom, whom we all know was responsible for the disaster, is phoning his clients to make sure he has the correct information about what they want: I just want to make sure we get the order right for you and have got the correct number of fruit..
Anna has to go down to the warehouse, where the products are prepared for delivery.
I have to speak to Mr Ingle. Apparently he's not very friendly! He might not like me asking lots of questions!
Well, be polite, and start your sentences with things like:

### Part2
MI, I don't think we've met yet, I Anna.
What are you doing with those boxes? I told you to put them in storage.
Yes, sorry to bother you, I just want to check sth. We've had a few problems with orders...
Well, that's not my fault. I do exactly what I'm asked to do.
I just want to make sure that....
Thirty years I've been doing this job, and I've never made a mistake.
Of course, but because we've had problems, we need to make sure that all deliveries are correct.
Could you possibly clarify what went out in today's delivery to Mr Berry?

I just want to check what was sent to CL - it should have been fifteen mangos - and just to be absolutely clear, you sent the soft mangos, not the plastic ones?

One thing I wasn't sure of was whether we had enough yellow bananas in stock - I know there are some purple ones, but --
we do need more yellow bananas.
Okay, I'll just write that down. Thank you MI. By the way, I like your overalls!

###Part3
Well he was a bit unfriendly, but Anna got what she needed. Here are the phrases she used:
Everything in the warehouse seems to be okay. Back in the office, Tom is having less luck.
Here it says 5000 not five...oh..
It's going to be a long day for him! Until next time, bye!